.TH NAMAZU "1" "May 2014" "namazu of Namazu 2.0.21" "Namazu Project"
.SH NAME
kwnmz \- make NMZ.field.keywords
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B (cd index-file-dir; kwnmz [options])
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
kwnmz, make NMZ.field.keyword file from Namazu index.
The NMZ.filed.keywords file comes from words and scores in the
index, and store most closely connected keywords with the
indexed target files.
.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-no-backup\fR
do not backup original file.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-no-meta\fR
do not protect meta tag field.
.TP
\fB\-n\fR num
number of keyword per file. (default: 10)
.TP
\fB\-l\fR MAX_LENGTH
set MAX_LENGTH of valid word. (default: 16)
.TP
\fB\-r\fR MAX_RATE
tset MAX_RATE (hit/total). (default: 0.5)
.TP
\fB\-e\fR PATTERN
set PATTERN for ascii words which should be allowed.
.TP
\fB\-E\fR
same as '-e /^[\da-z_]{3}/'
.TP
\fB\-j\fR PATTERN
set PATTERN for non-ascii words which should be allowed.
.TP
\fB\-E\fR
same as '-j /(^(\xa5.){3})|(^([\xb0-\xf4].){2})/'
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <http://www.namazu.org/trac-namazu/trac.cgi>
or <bug-namazu@namazu.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 1997-1999 Satoru Takabayashi All rights reserved.
.br
Copyright \(co 2000-2014 Namazu Project All rights reserved.
.br
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
