.TH NAMAZU "1" "July 2011" "namazu of Namazu 2.0.21" "Namazu Project"
.SH NAME
nmz-config - script to get information about the installed version of Namazu
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nmz-config
[\-\-prefix\fI[=DIR]\fP] [\-\-exec\-prefix\fI[=DIR]\fP] [\-\-help] [\-\-versio
n] [\-\-libs] [\-\-cflags]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fInmz-config\fP is a tool that is used to configure to determine
the compiler and linker flags that should be used to compile
and link programs that use \fINamazu\fP. It is also used internally
to the .m4 macros for GNU autoconf that are included with \fINamazu\fP.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.l
\fInmz-config\fP accepts the following options:
.TP 8
.B  \-\-help
Print the help text and exit.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-version
Print the currently installed version of \fINamazu\fP on the standard output.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-libs
Print the linker flags that are necessary to link a \fINamazu\fP program.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-cflags
Print the compiler flags that are necessary to compile a \fINamazu\fP program.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-prefix=PREFIX
If specified, use PREFIX instead of the installation prefix that \fINamazu\fP
was built with when computing the output for the \-\-cflags and
\-\-libs options. This option is also used for the exec prefix
if \-\-exec\-prefix was not specified. This option must be specified
before any \-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.TP 8
.B  \-\-exec\-prefix=PREFIX
If specified, use PREFIX instead of the installation exec prefix that
\fIGTK+\fP was built with when computing the output for the \-\-cflags
and \-\-libs options.  This option must be specified before any
\-\-libs or \-\-cflags options.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR kakasi (1),
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <http://www.namazu.org/trac-namazu/trac.cgi>
or <bug-namazu@namazu.org>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 1997-1999 Satoru Takabayashi All rights reserved.
.br
Copyright \(co 2000-2009 Namazu Project All rights reserved.
.br
This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2, or (at your option)
any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty
of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
